fix: add mailto link (#521)
knocklabs/docs: content/in-app-ui/angular/overview.mdx

Our Knock community built this [Angular in-app feed example](https://github.com/knocklabs/angular-in-app-feed-example) you can use to get started with an Angular in-app feed in your own application.

> If you have any questions, or if you have an in-app use case that is blocking your adoption of Knock, please <a href="mailto:sales@knock.app">contact our sales team</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, or if you have an in-app use case that is blocking your adoption of Knock, please [contact our sales team](https://knock.app/contact-sales).
```
